readme.md, before:

Developer Environment Setup:
===========================================================
Step 1:
Create a SSH Key in your local machine.
Command to create a ssh key "ssh-keygen -t rsa".
The Generated ssh key is stored in this location: "C:\Users\username\.ssh\id_rsa.pub".

Step 2: 
Create a GitLab Account.
Add the SSH Key to the GitLab Profile.

Step 3:
Modify Hosts file in the machine to access the developer enviroment virtual machine IP's

The Location of the hostfile is mentioned below.
location: "C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts"(OPEN AND EDIT AS AN ADMINISTRATOR)

Step 4:
Add the necessary IP given by the admin 
 eg: 
    139.59.42.248   dev.screel.in
	139.59.42.248   code.dev.screel.in
   	139.59.42.248   traefik.dev.screel.in
	139.59.42.248   config.dev.screel.in
 

Step 5:
Install Cygwin
Download Link: https://cygwin.com/install.html

Step 6:
SSH into the Cloud Based Virtual Machine.
Command: "ssh coder@167.71.273.224" or "ssh coder@dev.screel.in"

Step 7:
Change Directory to ohr
Perform git fetch and git pull to update the repository

NOTE: change the username and email in the git config file 
Commands to change the username and email.
	git config --global user.name "FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME"
	git config --global user.email "MY_NAME@example.com"

To verify the Git config 
	Command: cat .git/config 
	
Step 8:
Docker commands
------------------------------------------------------------
Run the following commands to start the docker container

docker --version (Optional)
docker ps -> To Check the running containers.
docker-compose build frontend  -d
docker-compose build backend   -d
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose down


Docker Command to check the logs:
docker-compose log -f

Dev urls and credentials:

url: To webbased code editor. http://code.dev.screel.in [password:ohr]
url: To Dev server. http://code.dev.screel.in 
url to the admin tool: http://config.dev.screel.in [username: admin; password:ohr]
url to see the openapi swagger ui: "http://dev.screel.in/docs"

Commit message:

Changes to the readme file to include the settings config for .bashrc file in the dev environment.

readme.md, after:

Developer Environment Setup:
===========================================================
Step 1:
Create a SSH Key in your local machine.
Command to create a ssh key "ssh-keygen -t rsa".
The Generated ssh key is stored in this location: "C:\Users\username\.ssh\id_rsa.pub".

Step 2: 
Create a GitLab Account.
Add the SSH Key to the GitLab Profile.

Step 3:
Modify Hosts file in the machine to access the developer enviroment virtual machine IP's

The Location of the hostfile is mentioned below.
location: "C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts"(OPEN AND EDIT AS AN ADMINISTRATOR)

Step 4:
Add the necessary IP given by the admin 
 eg: 
    139.59.42.248   dev.screel.in
	139.59.42.248   code.dev.screel.in
   	139.59.42.248   traefik.dev.screel.in
	139.59.42.248   config.dev.screel.in
 

Step 5:
Install Cygwin
Download Link: https://cygwin.com/install.html

Step 6:
SSH into the Cloud Based Virtual Machine.
Command: "ssh coder@167.71.273.224" or "ssh coder@dev.screel.in"

Step 7:
Change Directory to ohr
Perform git fetch and git pull to update the repository

NOTE: Change the username and email in the git config file 
Commands to change the username and email.
	git config --global user.name "FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME"
	git config --global user.email "MY_NAME@example.com"

To verify the Git config 
	Command: cat .git/config
Step: 8
NOTE: Add the below Three lines in the .bashrc file in the cloud instance which is used to develop
export DOMAIN=dev.screel.in(If the dev environment is in a local computer then the first config is not required)
export SEED_DATA=app_data_export.sql
export REFRESH_SCHEMA=YES

	
Step 9:
Docker commands
------------------------------------------------------------
Run the following commands to start the docker container

docker --version (Optional)
docker ps -> To Check the running containers.
docker-compose build frontend  -d
docker-compose build backend   -d
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose down


Docker Command to check the logs:
docker-compose log -f

Dev urls and credentials:

url: To webbased code editor. http://code.dev.screel.in [password: ohr]
url: To Dev server. http://code.dev.screel.in 
url to the admin tool: http://config.dev.screel.in [username: admin; password:Tfohr321$]
url to see the openapi swagger ui: "http://dev.screel.in/docs" [username: admin@ohr.screel.in; password:Tfohr321$]
